DOCSP-36852: cleanup fy2025q1 (#525)
mongodb/docs-java: source/index.txt

Upgrade Driver Versions
-----------------------

> Learn what changes you might be required to make to your application to upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn what changes you might need to make to your application to upgrade
```

driver versions in the :ref:`Upgrade Driver Versions <java-upgrade-driver>`
section.

Migrate from the Legacy API
---------------------------

> Learn what changes you might be required to make to your application to migrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn what changes you might need to make to your application to migrate
```
